---
layout: page
title: December 16th, 2023 Chili Cook-off!
description:
img: 
importance: 1
category: Winter 2023-2024
related_publications:
---

These are the official rules for the November  2023 cook-off at Twisted Fork Saloon.

The food category is Chili.

Every effort will be made to lock the rules in place as early as possible. That being said, should questions arise that require a last minute rule change for fairness, safety, or any other significant reason, these rules may change.

Please reach out to [Aven Arlington](mailto:aven.arlington@gmail.com) for questions about the rules, general feedback, and/or suggestions for improvements.

## Registration
- Registration is appreciated so that the house can plan appropriately.
- Registration is as simple as telling the bar tender you are interested in entry.

## Setup and Prep
- Efforts will be made to provide electrical outlets to contestants. 
- In there are more contestants than outlets/amperage, contestants will have to work together and share/swap
- Contestants must be setup and ready to serve chili at 4:30. This allows time to make adjustments, gather additional bowls silverware etc.
- If a contestant wants their chili paired with something specific, like a certain brand of cracker, they are responsible for bringing it.

## Call for Samples
- At 5 p.m. sharp, Patrons will line up and prepare to taste.
- Contestants are expected to serve their chili samples to the patrons.
- The serving window will be at least 30 minutes. Once interest has died down, then contestants can leave the serving area.
- Sampling bowls and utensils will be provided for patrons.

## Judging
- Patrons are the judges.
- Serving staff will provide interested patrons with a single ticket.
- Judges place the tickets in a shot glass in front of the dish of their choosing.
- The dish with the most tickets wins a place on the trophy/placque.
- Judging will last 1 hour.

## General Tasting
- Patrons can begin sampling the contestant's entries at will after judging is completed.

## Cleanup
- All contestants will be expected to clean up after them selves and leave the area cleaner than they found it.
