---
layout: page
title: November 18th, 2023 Baked Goods!
description:
img: 
importance: 2
category: Fall 2023
related_publications:
---

These are the official rules for the November  2023 cook-off at Twisted Fork Saloon.

The food category is Baked Goods.

Every effort will be made to lock the rules in place as early as possible. That being said, should questions arise that require a last minute rule change for fairness, safety, or any other significant reason, these rules may change.

Please reach out to [Aven Arlington](mailto:aven.arlington@gmail.com) for questions about the rules, general feedback, and/or suggestions for improvements.

## Registration
- Registration is appreciated so that the house can plan appropriately.
- Registration consists of a sign up sheet at the bar.

## Setup and Prep
- Efforts will be made to provide electrical outlets to contestants. 
- In there are more contestants than outlets/amperage, contestants will have to work together and share/swap
- The setup window begins 1 hour before the call for judging.

## Call for Samples
- At 5 p.m. contestants will uncover their dish and allow judges to take samples. 
- Sampling plates and utensils will be provided for judges.
- Judges will line up and prepare to taste.

## Judging
- Judging tickets cost $1.00.
- Judges can purchase as many tickets as they want.
- Judges place the tickets in a shot glass in front of the dish of their choosing.
- The dish with the most tickets wins a place on the trophy/placque.
- Each contestant will receive 1$ payout for each ticket they received from a judge.
- Judging will last 1 hour.

## General Tasting
- Patrons can begin sampling the contestant's entries for free after judging is completed.
- Contestants will be expected to remain close to their dishes to answer and questions and accept praise from patrons.

## Cleanup
- All contestants will be expected to clean up after them selves and leave the area cleaner than they found it.
