---
layout: page
title: October 21st, 2023 Queso!
description:
img: 
importance: 1
category: Fall 2023
related_publications:
---

These are the official rules for the October 2023 cook-off at Twisted Fork Saloon.

The food category is Queso.

Every effort will be made to lock the rules in place as early as possible. That being said, should questions arise that require a last minute rule change for fairness, safety, or any other significant reason, these rules may change.

Please reach out to [Aven Arlington](mailto:aven.arlington@gmail.com) for questions about the rules, general feedback, and/or suggestions for improvements.

## Registration
- All contestants must register to participate.
- Contestants must register no later than Friday Oct 20th so the appropriate amount of supplies can be acquired.
- Limited to 10 or so teams.

## Setup and Prep
- Efforts will be made to provide electrical outlets to contestants. 
- In the event there are more contestants than outlets/amperage, contestants will have to work together and share/swap
- The setup window begins 1 hour before the call for samples.
- Contestants will be provided with a sample bowl for use in judging.
- Food should be held at or above 140 degrees fahrenheit. Cold food will be disqualified.
- A minimum of 3 qt (2.8 L) of Queso is required so that patrons can participate in tasting after judging.

## Call for Samples
- At 5 p.m. contestants will provide a full sample bowl to the judging table 
- The provided bowl will have a small serial number or some other uniquifier on the bottom. 
- The order of the bowls will be randomized and placed on a separate public number for the judges to see.
- Only the event organizer will know which number matches which bowl.
- Judges will line up and prepare to taste.

## Judging
- Judges will be provided tasting chips to taste each dish.
- A fresh tasting chip must be used for each dish. No double dipping!
- Judging tickets cost $1.00.
- Judges can purchase as many tickets as they want.
- Judges place the tickets in a shot glass in front of the bowl of their choosing.
- The queso with the most tickets wins a place on the trophy/placque.
- Each contestant will receive 1$ payout for each ticket they received from a judge.

## General Tasting
- Patrons can begin sampling the contestant's entries after judging is completed.
- Contestants will be expected to remain close to their dishes to answer and questions and accept praise from patrons.

## Cleanup
- All contestants will be expected to clean up after them selves and leave the area cleaner than they found it.


## Post Event - Knowledge Gained
- For queso/chili recipes the extra tasting bowl was not needed and overcomplicated things.
- We need to have better pre-event marketing and day of event material on the tables.
- Set expectations for servers to drum up excitement with the customers